Add note for redshift issue (#1965)
astronomer/astro-sdk: python-sdk/README.md

## License

[Apache Licence 2.0](LICENSE)

## Notes

> Redshift support is having an issue with dc2.large(gen2) instances. You can still use it with ra3.xlplus(gen 3). We have registered a case with AWS for the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently experiencing issues with dc2.large(gen2) instances on Redshift. We have registered a case with AWS for the same.You can still use Astro SDK with ra3.xlplus(gen 3) instances. 
```
